Hello friends, in today's video we
will analyse the audited financial results of ICICI Lombard General
Insurance for the December 2025 quarter.  The
general
insurance sector is growing rapidly in India
and ICICI Laboratories is
considered the market leader in this space.
In this video we will understand premium growth,
underwriting performance, profitability
and solvency in detail and
give a clear verdict in the end.
First, let's look at premium performance.
Gross premium return in the December 2025 quarter
was around Rs 7,433 crore, which shows steady growth from Rs 759 crore in the September quarter
and Rs 6,474 crore in the last year.
Net premium return also improved to
cross Rs 5963 crore.
Year to date as of December 25, the
company's gross premium stood at Rs 22,544
crore and net premium at Rs 16,887
crore,
highlighting the scale and distribution strength of the insurance business.
Premium earned on net basis stood at Rs
5685 crore in the December quarter.
Whereas investment income
remained around Rs 99 crore.  Its total income
in the December quarter was approximately Rs 660
crore.  Total income on a quarterly basis has
touched Rs 19,278 crore, which
shows consistent revenue momentum.
Now let's talk about claims and expenses.
In the December quarter, claims paid were around Rs
3,428
crore and
total claims including outstanding claims change were approximately Rs 435
crore.  Operating expenses
for insurance business stood at Rs 792 crore.
Which includes employees and other operating costs.
After this, the company's underwriting loss
in the December quarter was approximately Rs 354 crore, which
is normal in the general insurance industry.
Especially the job claims ratio should be elevated.
But the real strength here
comes from investment income and non-operating surplus.
Operating profit stood at Rs 571 crore in the December quarter.
After adding non-operating income, the
profit before tax was Rs 870 crore and the
profit after tax was around Rs 659 crore.
Year to date PAT till December 25
is approx ₹1.99 crore which is clearly higher than last year's ₹199
crore.  Talking about balance sheet and
solvency, ICICI
Lombard has a solvency ratio of 2.69 which
is well above the regulatory requirement.   The
combined ratio
is around 104% which is considered acceptable in the industry context.   The
company's investment book is strong and
reserves are also growing steadily.   The
overall verdict is that ICICI LBRD General
Insurance is a fundamentally strong
market leading insurer.
In the short term, claims pressure and combined
ratio may remain slightly elevated.  But
in the long term, premium growth, pricing
discipline and investment income make this company a
stable compounding story.   The
stock remains a structurally strong option for defensive investors and those betting on the insurance theme.
If you are looking for a long term investment in the leader of the general insurance sector then
ICICI LBRD is definitely a stock to track.
Follow the channel for such high detailed quarterly result analysis.
Like the video and tell us in the comments
which stock to analyze next.